hello I'm form of the x.25 7 here
bringing you another vintage GI Joe
review and today we have the big
greeting GI Joe hovercraft killer whale
the killer whale or warrior hovering
assault launched convoy there's a really
rather big vehicle the 1984 and sold up
to 1985 it was also a mail order in the
United States probably about 88 or 89
the killer whale had two large main
cannons to swiveling machine guns in
nests flank turrets to schooling and
elevating missile pots six depth charges
an opening and deploying ramp in the
storage area for for extra GI Joes
as well as storage for rákóczi spike and
constant slate
get inside panel detail very bottom
you'd have a storage compartment storage
compartments here
one of the hand activated features of
the killer mail was of course the depth
charge launcher
the depth charge launcher ramp holds
five of the six depth charges I'm not
really sure where the sixth one is
supposed to go that's actually being a
platform probably for the for the
figures to similarly plug this back I
suppose it could go right behind the
ramp that's there is a tiny space for
that they're not quite sure why they
bother to make a sixth one if they only
have one four five
bukka it also holds the reconnaissance
bike it's a rather small scooter like
bike rolling wheels turning four it's
this is actually rather wide in my
opinion so putting the figure on it it's
going to be kind of an awkward deal
yeah well he doesn't look too bad there
it still looks like he's in the circus
but yeah it's better than nothing I
suppose another one that I can activate
features is of course I don't from this
cosmic way to pull this back a little
bit maybe because this shoots out rather
quickly
it doesn't shoot out relatively smoothly
at least mine doesn't
anyways separate signals it's on quite
quite sturdy leaf but never comes logit
as it just popped right off so powerful
too powerful a spring I've seen I think
in the commercials I've seen the figure
actually going in here
and there is enough room but the figure
and decided to gather in here but that
long just even worse well figure doesn't
even come out there and the loss of the
push button features it is of course the
unfortunately infamous these are really
really very fragile which is kind of
unfortunate
but to be quite asked I've seen I've
seen curls but just the just accountants
along just fine just just without these
directional things
and that was my review of the 1984
killer whale with its pilot driver
cutter thank you for viewing my video
and I'll see you next time with the next
review
oh yeah now it works